Beats DRA pipeline (#39126)
elastic/beats: .buildkite/packaging.pipeline.md

### Beats Packaging pipeline
[Buildkite packaging pipeline](https://buildkite.com/elastic/beats-packaging-pipeline) is used to build and publish the packages for the Beats. The pipeline is triggered by a commit to the `main` or release branches.
The pipeline definition is located in the `.buildkite/packaging.pipeline.yml`

### Triggers

> Staging packaging DRA is triggered for the and release branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staging packaging DRA is triggered for release branches only.
```

> Snapshot is triggered for `main` and release branches 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snapshot is triggered for `main` and release branches.
```

### Pipeline steps

#### Beats dashboard

> Generates `build/distributions/dependencies.csv` and `tar.gz` and adds them to the `beats-dashboards` artifact. That is required by the release-manager configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates `build/distributions/dependencies.csv` and `tar.gz` and adds them to the `beats-dashboards` artifact. This is required by the release-manager configuration.
```

### Beats Packaging pipeline

> [Buildkite packaging pipeline](https://buildkite.com/elastic/beats-packaging-pipeline) is used to build and publish the packages for the Beats. The pipeline is triggered by a commit to the `main` or release branches.

Reviewer 2: The sections in `triggers` said about PRs but that's not reflected here.

The pipeline definition is located in the `.buildkite/packaging.pipeline.yml`

### Triggers
Staging packaging DRA is triggered for the `main` and release branches.

> Snapshot can be triggered for any branch by the `/package` comment in the PR. The release-manager dry-run will be used for PR builds.

Reviewer 2: IIUC, `PRs` are not supported, or I cannot see those changes in the `catalog-info.yaml`.

### Pipeline steps

#### Beats dashboards

Generates `build/distributions/dependencies.csv` and adds it to the `beats-dashboards` artifact. The `dependencies.csv` is required by the release-manager configuration

#### Packaging snapshot/staging

- Builds the Beats packages for all supported platforms and architectures (`mage package, mage ironbank`)
- Copies artifacts `build/distributions/<beat>/` directory and adds it as an artifact. Where `<beat>` is the name of the beat

> - x-pack artifacts a also copied to `build/distributions/<beat>/` directory, where `<beat>` is the name of the beat. For example, `auditbeat`, not `x-pack/auditbeat`

Reviewer 2: I wonder whether a link to what's the rationale for this, maybe the Unified Release team has some details about this?

Author: Added the link
